Document client registration access token rotation executor (#1736)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: securing_apps/topics/client-registration.adoc

When you create a client through the Client Registration Service the response will include a registration access token.
The registration access token provides access to retrieve the client configuration later, but also to update or delete the client.
The registration access token is included with the request in the same way as a bearer token or initial access token.

> By default, registration access token rotation is enabled. This means a registration access token is only valid once, when it's used the response will include a new token. Note that registration access token rotation can be disabled via link:{adminguide_link}#_client_policies[Client Policies].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, registration access token rotation is enabled. This means a registration access token is only valid once. When the token is used, the response will include a new token. Note that registration access token rotation can be disabled by using link:{adminguide_link}#_client_policies[Client Policies].
```
